Hello! Welcome to my Project. 

First and foremost I want to make it very clear that I don't consider this a finished product. I would like to talk about the most glaring issues. These are all issues that I have no doubt that I could fix if I had more time. 


1. Expense Report is not yet displayed properly. The logic to organize the data into an attractive, dynamic HTML/CSS/BootStrap table is yet to be written. Right now it just displays the information in an unorganized page for testing purposes.

2. Security methods are used inconsistently. If this were a production project I would go through and make sure all user input data is properly encrypted or wrapped in myqli_real_escape_string functions. Also using OOP would add an extra layer of security. 

4. The profile picture functionality is not fully fleshed out yet 

5. The user can not change their password, only request a new one. 

6. There are a few lines of code that store username and password variables into arrays. I'm not sure why they are there but I was afraid to delete them. I am thinking it is for security purposes.

7. If there's anything else I missed you think I should take into account, please let me know

  This is not to say that I'm not happy with the work I have done, I'm actually am. I decided to use mostly vanilla PHP and MySql because I wanted to show that I am capable of doing more than just using WordPress. I wanted to show that I have at least a fundamental understanding of the technologies that Drupal and WordPress are both built on, even though I am not used to working with them in this capacity. I love WordPress and probably would have created an overall better product if I had used my normal WordPress workflow. But what was important to me in the context of this test is to show you, my hopeful employers, that I can problem solve these technologies on a deeper level than just troubleshooting WordPress, and can be very flexible in my approach. I am very eager to discuss the challenges I faced with this project, what I would do to improve it given more time, how I would have approached the challenge in WordPress, and what I would do if I did this project over again. 
  
  What the app does (to use it, start at localhost/register.php)
  
  1. A fully functioning login system including:
    a.email verifcation
    b.basic encryption 
    c.password recovery 
    d.change username
    f.change first name / last name / email
    g. and more!
  
  2. Members area including: 
    a. place to log an expense report 
    b. an unfished page the displays the information of the expense report


Dependencies: 
host is localhost
Import "demo" database 
PHP PEAR Mailer 
PHP 5.1 or above
